- [Ketkee] Now that you are equipped
with the fundamental knowledge of generics,
it would be beneficial for you
to pick up and learn the collections framework in detail
if you haven't already done so.
You can use the course, "Learning Collections in Java,"
right here on LinkedIn Learning.
Even if you know the collections framework,
it would still make a of sense to look at it again
in order to understand the best practices
that Java collections framework uses with generics.
You can grab the book, "Effective Java" by Joshua Bloch,
which covers best practices on all topics in Java.
Additionally, you should now be able
to read and understand code with generics
in any Java or JEE frameworks.
Thank you for joining me on this course.
Feel free to connect with me on LinkedIn.
I'd love to hear your stories
on how you apply the learning from this course
in your projects.
Happy learning.